proposed changes to Chapter 2 (#42)
lightstep/cloud-native-observability: 02 - customers-and-engineers.md

transaction health as a trace, or a metric, or the lack of an error log, I can
think of each transaction as an SLI unto itself.

If we extend that metaphor a bit, then the SLO describes the acceptable range
for those transactional SLIs.

It follows that the SLO becomes a contract between transactions and resources
to define acceptable performance bounds, and thus the SLO is a contract between
the end-users and engineers themselves. Instead of thinking about observability
as the ability to 'explore unknown unknowns' or 'quickly reduce search space
during incidents', we can begin to think of it as a way to define and iterate

> on SLI's and use those to formalize SLO's with each other, setting and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on SLIs and use those to formalize SLOs with each other, setting and
```
